Don't blow up if cpp detects errors (#3241)
containers/buildah: docs/buildah-bud.md

If no context directory is specified, then Buildah will assume the current working directory as build context, which should contain a Containerfile.

> Containerfiles ending with a ".in" suffix will be preprocessed via cpp(1).  This can be useful to decompose Containerfiles into several reusable parts that can be used via CPP's **#include** directive.  Notice, a Containerfile.in file can still be used by other tools when manually preprocessing them via `cpp -E`. Any comments ( Lines beginning with `#` ) in included Containerfile(s) that are not preprocess commands, will be printed as warnings during builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Containerfiles ending with a ".in" suffix will be preprocessed via cpp(1).  This can be used to decompose Containerfiles into several reusable parts that can be used via CPP's **#include** directive.  Notice, a Containerfile.in file can still be used by other tools when manually preprocessing them via `cpp -E`.  Any comments (lines beginning with `#`) in included Containerfile(s) that are not valid preprocessor directives will trigger warnings during builds.
```
